Cycle 1 edits: button and sidebar (#3982)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/sending-requests/troubleshooting-api-requests.md

### Opening the console

> Open the console by selecting <img alt="Console icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-console-v9.jpg#icon" width="16px"> **Console** in the status bar at the bottom left of Postman. In the Postman Desktop app, you can also select **⌘+Option+C** or **Ctrl+Alt+C**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the console by selecting <img alt="Console icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-console-v9.jpg#icon" width="16px"> **Console** in the footer at the bottom left of Postman. In the Postman Desktop app, you can also select **⌘+Option+C** or **Ctrl+Alt+C**.
```

Author: Thanks! I'm handling the header/footer stuff in a separate PR too, so I'll make sure this one gets caught there.
